# May 14th, 2016

Bylaws meeting, in attendance:
 * Dan M (counsel)
 * Freddy M
 * Jen H 
 * Mason D 
 * Brian K

### Agenda: 

Just bylaws. In order to complete by Friday May 20th, all board members _should_ send Dan the current responsibilities of their positions for inclusion in bylaws.

Three big topics of discussion, how to create / designate membership outside of the board, how is funding allocated, and are meetings open to the public. 

## Membership

All members should be allowed to use of LPL names, talk to press, and lead new projects. Discussion on if members could current projects (general consensus is no). Members would be afforded legal protection should they need it if conducting LPL business and subject to harassment. 

General membership would consist of two types, loosely defined as membership and collaborators (loosely defined, subject to change). While the board maintains voting control over financials, individuals with membership would be eligible for compensation / reimbursement. New projects would be allocated by decision making with simple majority of the board. Collaborators would be a lesser role, less involved, and not a significant time investment. 

## Long term planning

Discussion about the 2-6 year plans about LPL. Important for setting goals

## Financials

Build a spreadsheet of different potential funding opportunities. Funding from board: 
 * large expenses: ($150+) board decides ahead of time.
 * reimbursements above 150, _should_ submit before large purchase, board has discretion to turn down approval.
 * under 150, submit reimbursement.

## Misc
LPL needs to pay Dan for his help to date. 
