# October 23rd, 2016

Board meeting, in attendance:
 * Freddy M
 * Jen H 
 * Mason D 
 * Brian K

### Agenda: 
1. Bylaws and Voting
2. Section IX of the 501c3
3. Fee for filing 
4. Financial Update
5. Update on expenditures
6. OO Developers meeting
7. OO Community meeting
8. CCC 
9. SD discussion
10. Membership into LPL, who's earned it etc. 
11. Upcoming events
12. Infrastructure Discussions
13. Digital Security Training
14. Next board meeting

## Bylaws and Voting
	1. Do you want Officers/employees/Directors to be able to be removed without cause, or with cause? 
  Board) At will. 

	2. The Bylaws allow them to attempt to issue a block. A block means "I will resign within a week if this action is taken." 
  Board) Blocking
 
	3. At what amount of money does the Board or two Officers need to become involved to approve a transaction? 
  Board) $500
	Provision: possibly make the threshold amendable by simple board board. 
	Board) Yes
  
	4. So if a director, employee, agent, other person affiliated with LPL does something that subjects them to a judgment, settlement, fine, etc, LPL indemnifies them
  Board) Yes

	5. Indemnification is permittedÂ when a person "acted in good faith and in a manner they reasonably believed to be in the best interests of LPL."
  Board) Subjectively reasonable
  
	6. Indemnification is mandatory when person? 
	Board) objectively reasonable

  7. Proxy voting power?
  Board) No
  
## Section IX of the 501c3
	End of Day Tuesday 5pm PST. Oct 25.

## Fee for filing 501c3 
	$850 USD. Board will thrown in 1/4 for filing

## Financials
  Discussion on crowd funding. We need blog post / way for people to pay us. Discussion on various platforms (Gofundme vs KickStarters vs PayPal vs etsy, big cartel vs shopify)

## Expenses Update
	* 1500,  lawyer
	* 200, data visualization
	* 100,  Press Release
	Spreadsheet needs to be updated

## OpenOversight Developers meeting
	One major release before CCC, automated tagging needed 0.2 release
		- Setting up the MR project. (start this week)
	Send Flickr steps to group chat

## OpenOversight Community meeting
  Freddy will set it up with groups discussed
  
## CCC 
  Everybody but Mason is a maybe

## SecureDrop Discussion 
  It was discussed.

## Membership into LPL
  1. Three members 
  2. Add projects/ to website
  
## Upcoming Events
  ChiHackNight
  IRE
  
## Infrastructure Discussion
  Backup Sandstorm server

## Digital Security Trainings
  On hold for now, based on needs of groups
  
## Next board meeting
  Nov 13th, 6pm CST. 
 
